# SuperNintendoClient
A multi-game client designed for use with Super Nintendo games in the Archipelago MultiWorld system.  
This is a Node.js program, and uses Electron.

## Installation
Installation of this client is optional, but recommended. Installing using the provided executable will allow
users to launch the client by double-clicking on a patch file. To install the program, simply run the executable
file found on the [releases](https://github.com/ArchipelagoMW/SuperNintendoClient/releases) page, and the software
will install to your AppData folder.

You may also run the client as a standalone program, which is available as a `.zip` file on the releases page
linked above. Doing so will still save some configuration data to your AppData folder, and will require you
to drag the patch file onto the executable in order to patch your game.

## Using the SuperNintendoClient

### Emulators
1. Double-click on a patch file generated by Archipelago.
2. If prompted, select your base ROM file for the game you are playing.
3. A patched ROM is created automatically in the same location as the patch file.
4. Your emulator is launched automatically, and the ROM file is loaded.
5. Run the appropriate LUA file, called `sniConnector.lua`, which is available on the
   [releases](https://github.com/ArchipelagoMW/SuperNintendoClient/releases) page.
6. Observe the client will automatically find and select your device.
7. Enter the address of the Archipelago server into the *Server* box on the client, and press Enter.
8. Play the game.

### SD2SNES / FXPak
1. Double-click on a patch file generated by Archipelago.
2. If prompted, select your base ROM file for the game you are playing.
3. A patched ROM is created automatically in the same location as the patch file.
4. Move the ROM file to your FXPak.
5. Observe the client will automatically find and select your device.
6. Enter the address of the Archipelago server into the *Server* box on the client, and press Enter.
7. Play the game.

## Developers
Want to add a game to the client? See
<a href="https://github.com/ArchipelagoMW/SuperNintendoClient/tree/master/games">Adding a Game to SNC</a>.

## Run it from source:
I am writing this using the latest version of Node.js, but you might be able to get away with using the current LTS version.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/ArchipelagoMW/SuperNintendoClient.git
cd SuperNintendoClient
npm install
npm run electron-rebuild
npm run start [patchFile]
```
